Docs: installing kubeapps with OIDC using the pinniped impersonation proxy (#2693)
kubeapps/kubeapps: docs/user/using-an-OIDC-provider-with-pinniped.md

With those changes, Kubeapps is ready to send any request for a specific cluster via Pinniped so that the OIDC `id_token` can be exchanged for client certificates accepted by the Kubernetes API server.

> [Under the hood](https://pinniped.dev/posts/bringing-the-concierge-to-more-clusters/), what Pinniped does is looking for a `kube-controller-manager` pod in the `kube-system` namespace that reads the cluster signing certificate and key. Then it loads them into an in-memory certificate signer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Under the hood](https://pinniped.dev/posts/bringing-the-concierge-to-more-clusters/), Pinniped looks for a `kube-controller-manager` pod in the `kube-system` namespace that reads the cluster signing certificate and key and loads them into an in-memory certificate signer.
```

> But, what if this `kube-controller-manager` is not a normal pod on a schedulable cluster node? In that scenario (usual in managed clusters, such AKS), an alternative way is required: the impersonation proxy. Have a look at the [enabling OIDC login in managed clusters](#enabling-oidc-login-in-managed-clusters) section to know how to configure Kubeapps for using Pinniped 0.7.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But, what if this `kube-controller-manager` is not a normal pod on a schedulable cluster node? In that scenario (usual in managed clusters, such AKS), an alternative way is required: the Pinniped impersonation proxy. Have a look at the [enabling OIDC login in managed clusters](#enabling-oidc-login-in-managed-clusters) section to know how to configure Kubeapps for using Pinniped 0.7.0 onwards on managed clusters.
```

Assuming you have successfully [installed Pinniped](#installing-pinniped) and configured the [JWTAuthenticator](#configure-pinniped-to-trust-your-oidc-identity-provider), you have to retrieve the Impersonation Proxy IP  by executing this command:

```
kubectl get svc -n pinniped-concierge pinniped-concierge-impersonation-proxy-load-balancer -o jsonpath="{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}"
```

Then, retrieve the Impersonation Proxy CA cert by executing:

```
kubectl get secret pinniped-concierge-impersonation-proxy-ca-certificate -n pinniped-concierge  -o jsonpath="{.data.ca\\.crt}"
```

Finally, use a similar `clusters` configuration: 

```yaml
clusters:
- name: your-managed-cluster
  apiServiceURL: https://... # impersonation proxy IP
  certificateAuthorityData: ... #  impersonation proxy CA
  pinnipedConfig:
    enable: true
```

> 

Reviewer: Excellent: simple and clear.
